RSEs as teachers (#91)
DE-RSE/2023_paper-RSE-groups: paper.tex

the tasks remaining for a central RSE unit are to adapt the material to local requirements as well as to organise and hold courses and workshops.

For more complex software development projects, a central RSE unit can offer individual training.
In both cases the expert RSEs from the central RSE unit can pass on their knowledge precisely adapted to the concrete needs of those that they support.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Finally, in organisations that educate RSEs, members of a central RSE unit may contribute to the curriculum for and teach on an RSE master course. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, in organisations that educate RSEs, members of a central RSE unit may contribute to the curriculum of the institutional study programmes and teach corresponding courses. 
```
